Functional Testing:
	Testing each and every components of an application thoroughly or rigorously against customer requirement specification is called as Functional Testing

Types:
	Over Testing
	Under Testing
	Optimize Testing 


Functional Testing:

Testing functional requirements and specifications of an application
It verifies the operations and actions of an application.
it is based on customer’s requirements.
It is performed before non-functional testing.
Check login functionality.

Examples of Functional Testing Types:
Unit testing
Smoke testing
User Acceptance
Integration Testing
Regression testing
Localization
Globalization
Interoperability


Non Functional Testing:

it is performed to verify the non-functional requirements of the application
It verifies the behavior of an application.
It is based on expectations of customer.
It helps to improve the performance of the application.
The dashboard should load in 2 seconds.

Examples of Non-functional Testing Types
Performance Testing
Volume Testing
Scalability
Usability Testing
Load Testing
Stress Testing
Compliance Testing
Portability Testing
Disaster Recover Testing

Alpha Testing & Beta Testing

Alpha Testing is performed by the Testers within the organization whereas Beta Testing is performed by the end users.
Alpha Testing is performed at Developer’s site whereas Beta Testing is performed at Client’s location.
Reliability and Security testing are not performed in-depth in Alpha Testing while Reliability, Security and Robustness are checked during Beta Testing.
Alpha Testing involves both Whitebox and Blackbox testing whereas Beta Testing mainly involves Blackbox testing.

User Acceptance Testing (UAT), or application testing: 
	is the final stage of any software development or change request lifecycle before go-live. 
	It is the final stage of any development process to determine that the software does what it was designed to do in real-world situations


Software Testing:
	The process of catching or identifying defect in the software is called software testing

Purpose of Testing: 
	Developer develop the software there might be some defect so we want to test the software/application 

Error Free Software to Customer:
	Impossible to send s/w to defect free try to launch defect free

When There is No Requirement How to Test s/w : 
	Exploratory Testing : Understand the Application identify all possible scenarios document the scenarios and Test that Application

There is One Login Module How to Test that:
	Ask for Requirement. Understand Requirement, Write Test cases. First Test for Smoke Testing Basic and Critical Features

How to Test Amount Field: 
	Apply for Testcase Design Technic - Boundary Value Analysis - The input is range of values then design the testcase for A,A+1,A-1 and B,B+1,B-1

When Dev Say Defect is not Reproduceable:
	Technology not support, Environment issues


2 Positive and 2 Negative Scenarios for WhatsApp application:
	To check that when user is login to WhatsApp application
	To Check that when user update status into the application

	To Check that when user A switch off the internet and send to user B
	To Check that when user enter invalid credentials try to login
	To Check that when user A send message to user B message received by user C   

End to End Testing/ System Testing:
	Navigating to all feature check whether last feature working expected or not.
	It's End to End Testing Done by Test Engineer

Integration Testing:
	Testing the Dataflow between two or more modules

Informal Testing:
	Some Companies not Document for any Defect, Traceability Matrix, Testcase, Test Plan

Formal Testing:
	They Documents Every thing and Conduct Meetings

Usability Testing:
	Test the user friendliness of the application

Agile Model:
	It is an Iterative and Incremental Approach. As a company we will flexible to take-up all the requirement changes develop the changes and Test the changes give the quality software to the customer with the short span of time

Agile Flavours:
	Scrum Model
	Extreme Programming
	Feature Driven Development/ Test Driven Development
	Crystal clear
	Lean and Kanban
	DSDM(Dynamic System Development Method)
	ASDM(Adaptive Software Development Method)

Scrum Model:
	Step by step Procedure which helps team to work together and develop a new s/w

Release:
	Starting from gathering the requirement followed by develop the s/w tests the s/w for multiple cycles and deploy s/w into the production server 
	Combination of sprints is called release

Epic:
	Complete set of Requirement is called epic

Story:
	Stories are features/modules/functionalities
	one epic consists of multiple stories
	
Story Point:
	is a rough estimation given by Developer and TE to develop and Test every individual stories

Scrum Meeting:(Daily Standup meeting)
	Conducted by scrum master. will strictly bounded for 15mins
	What did Yesterday
	what will do today
	Any obstacles or Impediments

Agile Meeting's:
	Sprint Planning
	Scrum Meeting
	Sprint Retrospective
	Release Retrospective
	Bug Triage
	Product Backlog grooming

Who is Scrum Master:
	Is a Person. He will responsible for conduct daily Standup meeting, Allocate task to dev, TE


Release Management/Configuration Management:
	The Process of preparing the build, Installing the build into different server, uninstalling the build, Developing s/w and Testing s/w and Deploy s/w into 
Production this entire process is called Release Management

Patch:
	is a piece of s/w which consist of modified program. To install patch not required to uninstall build

Build:
	Developer will write the code do Whitebox testing compile the code, compress the code into a file that compressed file is called build

Test Cycle:
	Total Time taken to test one complete build

Capacity:
	Total amount of available hours of every individual engineers for the given sprint	

Velocity:
	Total amount of work completed by every individual engineers in the given sprint

Release Notes:
	It's a Document given to customer. Created by TE.it contains Pending and Open Defect Document, Procedure to install s/w, Version of s/w

Deliverables:
	These are Output/Outcomes of Testing team given to customer by end of the project
	Test Plan
	Testcase and Test Scenario Document
	Traceability Matrix
	Test script Document
	Defect Report
	Release Notes
	Grapes and Metrics

Test Approach:
	we will decide how we go about and test the project in feature
	part of Test plan

Test Strategy:
	It is a Document prepared by PM at organisational level which consists of multiple test plan and projects.

Top Quality of Software Tester:
	TE will understand Req
	write Testcases and Scenarios
	TE do Optimize Testing
	TE know Log Defect into the tool
	TE do Testcase Execution
	TE conduct brainstorming meeting

Regression and Retesting Differences:
Release Candidate - Confirmation
unchanged or old  - When Dev fix the defect test that application defect is fixed or not
Done pass testcases - Done Fail Testcases
Generic - 	Planning
go for Automation - Don't go for Automation
takes low priority - High Priority


Smoke and Sanity Testing:

Shadow / wide Testing  - Narrow or deep Testing
Positive Testing - Both Positive and Negative Testing
Here we have Doc Testcase - Don't have testcase document
Go for Automation - Don't go for Automation
Both Dev and TE will Do - Only TE will Do


Performance Testing:
	Testing the stability and response time of an application by Appling the load
	Load - Designed number of users
	Stability - ability to handle users
	
types:
	Load - less than desired number of users
	Stress - Greater than desired number of users
	Scalability - Greater than desired number of users check break point of the application
	Volume - Appling huge amount of Data
	Scoke/Endurance - Appling load for Particular Period of Time


Big bang Method:
	It is an non incremental integration Testing.
	Don't no who is the parent and child module mix the module and check dataflow between the modules

Principal's in S/W Testing:
	TE test the s/w to show the presence of defect in the s/w
	we should not do exhaustive testing
	we should do early testing
	we should follow pesticide paradox
	we should follow defect clustering
	we should do optimize testing
	we can't possible to give 100% defect free s/w	

Pesticide Paradox:
	if you execute same set of testcase's this testcase's might not found any other defect's. That why we should keep on reviewing and updating the testcases 

 
Defect Clustering:
	Some of the modules contains more number of defects. Because of the defects we should divided into some other modules

	When bugs are not properly distributed all over the application then some minor quantity of features causes a major quality-related issue in an application 
which is called defect clustering.

Testcase:
	It step by step procedure to test a feature which gives all possible scenarios for one particular requirement.

Structure of Testcase:
	Header
	Body
	Footer

Header:
	Testcase Name/Testcase ID
	Project Name
	Release Name
	Requirement Number
	Module Name
	Pre condition 
	Test data/Test Harmless
	Post condition
	Severity
	Testcase type
	Brief description
	Testcase execution hours

Body:
	Step no	Action/Description	input	Expected Result	Actual Result	Status	Comments

Footer:
	Author
	Reviewed By
	Approved By
	Approval Date


Test Plan:
	It is document which drives all the future testing activities

Stages:
	Objective
	Scope
	Test Methodology
	Test Approach
	Assumption
	Risk
	Backup Plan
	Roles and Responsibilities
	Scheduling
	Defect Tracking
	Test Bed/ Test Environment
	Entry and Exit Criteria
	Test Automation
	Deliverables
	Templates

Defect:
	If a feature/functionality is not working according to the customer requirement
	Deviation from the customer requirement specification

Severity:
	Impact of the customer business work flow according to the customer requirement

types:
	Blocker
	Critical
	Major	
	Minor

Priority:
	Importance given to developer to fix the defect

Types:
	High
	Medium
	Low

Defect Life Cycle:
	New/Open
	Assigned
	Fixed 
	Closed
	Reopen
	Invalid or It's not a defect or rejected
	Duplicate
	Defect can't be fixed or won't fixed
	Issue is not reproduceable or work for me
	Fix the defect in future releases or Postponed
	Request for enhancement
	
Request for Enhancement:
	TE find a defect in the s/w and this defect is not part of requirement. Then dev will tell it is RFE. 

Defect Report:
	Defect ID
	Project Name
	Release Name
	Module Name
	Build Number
	Status
	Severity
	Priority
	Reporter
	Testcase name
	Test Environment
	Test data
	Assigned to
	Bug Summary
	Detailed Description
		OS, OS version, Browser, Browser Version
	Steps to reproduce
	Observation
	Excepted result
	Actual Result
	Attach Screenshot
	CC
	Comments


Drawbacks of Manual Testing:
	Time taken is more
	More resource utilization
	it is radius or monotones job
	there will be no consistency in testing

When to go for Automation:
	Product is completely stable
	There are more number of regression testcases
	Product is manually tested for one or two releases
	When there are no blocker, critical defects
	When there are No major requirements changes done by customer
	Once after doing manual testing for 3 to 5 test cycles

SDLC:
	It is a step by step procedure/standard procedure to develop a new software

	Waterfall model
	Spiral model
	V & V model
	Prototype model
	Derived model
	Hybrid model
	Agile model

V & V Model: ( Verification & Validation)

Verification:
	Verifying CRS, SRS, HLD, LLD check whether it is according to the customer requirement

Validation: 
	Testing the functionality/behavior of an application by applying the testcases


STLC:
	It is a step by step procedure/standard procedure to Test a new software
	
	SDLC is a part of STLC
	Defect life cycle is a part of STLC
	Every company should follow STLC in order to test any new projects

Stages:
	System Study
	Write Test Plan
	Write Testcases
	Prepare Traceability matrix
	Testcase execution
	Defect Tracking
	Testcase execution report
	Project closure meeting/Retrospective meeting


Write Test Plan:
	System Study
	identify all possible scenarios
	write testcases
	Review Testcases
	Fix the review comments
	Testcase approval
	Store testcases in testcase repository

Test Strategy:
	Set of Guidelines. How the testing needs to be done.



Traceability Matrix:RTM - Requirement Traceability matrix 
	Traceability matrix is a document which ensure that each and every requirement got atleast one test cases.





Automation Selenium :

Java:

Inheritance: 
	Inheriting properties from one class to another class

Purpose : 
	Code Reusability using Extends Keyword

Static Keyword:
	Any Member which is declared with keyword static is called static member of the class
	Static is one class
	Once initialize cannot reinitialize

Super Keyword:
	Refers Parent Class
	
Access Modifier:
	Public - Any where
	Private - Inside class only
	Protected - Inside Package Outside package use Inheritance extends keyword
	Default - within the package. It cannot be accessed from outside the package.

Abstract Class : Keyword as Abstract in Abstract method, We can create object for Abstract class

Interface : Mandatory should present abstract, It support Multiple Inheritance, We canot create object for Interface class


In interface Methods are default Public

Drawback of ForEachLoop :
	We cannot print Element in Reverse order
	we cannot print alternative elements
	here we don't specify any condition
	it support for only Array or Collection Type
	
for(Datatype Variable Name : Array/Collection Type)
	{
	}

Why we need to handle Exception:
	If there is an exception. if cannot handle that exception rest of the code cannot execute

How to handle that exception:
	Using Try & Catch or Throws

If don't know the exception which will occurred we can give just Exception

Combine Multiple String:
	str1.concat(str2).concat(str3) 

How choose Testcases for Automation :
	First Test for Manually at least one time. Then you should go for Automation

8 types of Locators:
	TagName
	ID
	Name
	Class Name
	Linktext
	PartialLinktext
	Css Selector
	Xpath 

Which one mostly preferred
	Xpath because handle Partially Dynamic Element(We use contains Method), Completely Dynamic Element

Get Text : 
	Return Inner text of Element 

Get Attribute Value :
	Value of any attribute

When to use wait Statement:
	Synchronization problems occurred time. Automation Script will execute faster but system will take some time

Desired Capability : Key and Value you want specify

When you wil get stale Element Reference Exception : The page will get Refreshed we need to use findBy anotation

How to find Number of Element Present in the Dropdown: Get Text / Get Attribute

Appache Poi Data Driven Testing : Methods  GetSheetAt,GetRow,GetCell,GetStringValue

Which features are you used in Framenworks from Testng :
	Prioritize
	Data Providers
	Parameters

How will execute the methods:
	Based on Prioritise
	By default Alphabetical order
	
	If I don't Specify Means Consider O Priority after will execute Priority 1

What are the use of Annotations in TestNG:
	Control the order of Execution
	Before Method
	After Method
	Before Class
	After Class
	Before Test
	After Test
	Before Suite
	After Suite
	Before Group
	After Group
	Find By
	Data Provider
	Parameters

What is main role of XML file in TestNG:
Execute the Automation Test Scripts

How to pass the parameter to test methods
	@Parameters or High Test Context

Listeners:
	On test Success
	On test Failure
	On test skip

What is Object Repository
	Using Page Object Model we can create page object repository  repository means all the webelements in one location

	
What are the main components in your framework:
	Based on Page Object Model values classes
	Configuration file, pom.XML file, TestNG XML file, Log4G Property file and Utilites- Excel files, Screen Shots, Config.propertyfile will stored into utilities
	
What is Basically Maveen pom.xml contains Plugins Dependencies Selenium,Testng,Junit,JXL,Appache Poi


Using Command Prompt to Test the Application:
	nvm, clean, Test, Install using this run your project command prompt

Diff Junit and Testng

Parameters Cannot be passed in Junit Passed in TestNG & Prepare report

Same Priority will have two methods which one execute first - Based on Alphabetical order

How to run testmethod multiple times in Loop any Parameters:
	Based on Invocation Count Parameter method set Time 

If you execute two testcases it will execute within 60 sec above that time mark it has fail how to do:
	Timeout attribute assign value to Timeout.If this doesn't executed within time frame then Timeout Exception

How to skip testcase condition in TestNG:
	Mark the Testcase as Skipped 


What is the use of Listeners Annotations
	TestNG providers different type of Listeners in case event get's triggred mostly used Itech Listener Interface in that have methods ON test Start, 
ON test success,ON test Failure, ON test Skipped

How can run testcases in parallel:
	We Will provide attribute test level and class level one is Parallel and another Thread count

What is Factory and Data Provider Annotation:
	  If your Declare Factory run all the test methods and Data providers individual test methods only


What is Before suite and After Suite:
	Before suite will execute before all the methods. Before suite multiple tests in one suite. After suite will execute after all the methods

What are the challenges faced using selenium:
	OTP,Captcha,Animation,Subtitle cannot possible to handle
	if you Take a screenshot PMG only supported others not supported
	if you take a particular web element cannot be possible in selenium 

Image Based Automation use Sequel

How to Automate Desktop Application:
	Partiial used to perform click action various desktop Application

How to handle Partial elements:
	Using contains methods to handle Partial elements

How will you locate element in text xpath:
	//tagname[text() = textvalue]

Diff b/w Absolute xpath and relative xpath which one is reliable to go for 
	Absolute xpath / single forward slash navigate parent to immediate child
	Relative xpath // double forward slash navigate parent to any child

HTML unit driver is one of the fastest among all this driver 

Difference B/W Get and Navigate Xpath and CSS selector

Get :	Not store History.Back,Refresh,Forward actions not possible
Navigate : Store History.Back,Refresh,Forward actions also possible

CSS : Faster,Search for Single Direction, Handle only one Element,Cannot Handle Dynamic Elements
Xpath : Slower,Seach for Multiple Direction, Handle Multiple Elements, Handle Dynamic Elements

How to Pass values inside Textfield Which method use:
	Send Keys or JavaScript Executor

How to check chekbox :
	 isSelected Method will check the checkbox True or False will return

Multiple Windows Possible In Selenium:
	Driver.getwindowHandles() get the windows Name return list of id's
	Driver.Switchtowindow() Control the window


What is BDD,Cuccumber,Data Driven,Key Driven,POM,Page Factory




What is POM(Page Object Model):
	Java Design Pattern .Which is mainly used to store data into pagewise and it is used to handle stale Element Reference Exception
	Maintaining or Managing all the page objects in proper way in different jars
	Organising page Elements 
	Create separate object repository to store object locators
	For each web page there should be a separate class
	The page class will have all object locators and preferably action methods for the corresponding page

What is Page Factory:
	Extended design Pattern. Which will create the object of the POM class.it will initialize findby, findby Gen, find by Annotation, findby init element	
	
Page Factory Class:
	@FindBy(xpath = ".//[id = 'Email']")

Public Webelement Gmailuserid WebEdit

Public Action Class:
	Actions a = new Actions(webelemnet reference);
	a.doubleclick();
	

PageAction Class:
	publicclassPageActions_Login
	{
		Webdriver driver;
		PageObjects
		class
		publicPageActions_Login(WebDriver driver)
		{
			this.driver = driver;
		}
	}

What are the difference b/w Actions and Action:
	Actions - class (Move to Element,Drag and Drop,Double click, Right Click)
	Action - Interface (It represents single user interaction Class)


Possible to identify Button Colors:
	Using JavaScript Executor

What is Jenkins:
	We use Junkins in cuccumber framework.CI/CD - Continuous Integration and Continues Development Process. Mainly used for Regression Test scripts. Deployment.
Project build,Project Test 



Class 1 : Identification methods
Class 2 : Operational methods

Login
Home
Customer
Transactions

Every page contains one class
Every class contains identification methods
Main Class - Operational methods

driver.findElement().---->identification methods     SendKeys(); Operational methods



TestNG:(TDD - Test Driven Development Frame work)
	TestNG is a Unit Testing Framework. Basically to perform Whitebox Testing.
	
Advantages:
	To run multiple scripts at one shot
	To generate report or result
	To achieve Parallel execution
	To perform Verification
	To Set Prioritize
	We can pass Parameters
	Data Providers for passing bulk Data
	We can able to group the test scenario
	We can use Assertion(Hard Assert and soft Assert)
	Parallel Execution
	We have Nine Annotations
	

Verification using TestNG:
	We use class called Assert Class

Soft Assert:
	In real time Even throw the testcase fails if we want to continue with execution we go for SoftAssert

Action Class:
	Mouse Hover - MoveToElement().Perform() Perform is Mandatory
	Drag and Drop - dragAndDrop()
	DoubleClick - doubleclick()
	Right Click - contextClick()

Select Class:
	To handle Drop Down use Select class
	Single select - Cannot Deselect
	Multiple Select - Deselect Possible

Handling Popups:
	Alert and Confirmation Popup - driver.switchto.alert() Altert interface there are four methods accept,dismiss,getText,SendKeys
	Hidden Division Popup
	File Upload
	File Download
	Child Browser Popup - getwindowhandles - driver.switch.window()

Frames:
	Developing a page inside another webpage is called Frame
	Developer will use <iframe> tag
	
	driver.switchTo.frame()

JavaScript Executor:
	To handle Disable Elements
	it is use to pass the data inside textfield without using sendkeys method
	clear the data without using clear method
	It is used to perform scroll action

Data Driven Testing:
	Testing Application for Multiple Data
	Store the data inside the database,excel sheet, JSON
	Excel Standalone but selenium support only web based application
	we fetch data from excel sheet we use jar files called Appache POI

Synchronization:
	The Process of matching selenium speed with the application speed without using thread.sleep

Two types:
	Implicit wait driver.manage.timeouts.implicitwait(10,Timeunit.Seconds)
	Explicit wait


What are Repository:
	Local Repository it is present in local machine .m2 directory
	Central Repository
	Remote Repository

Element is not loaded means what will do:
	Wait or Refresh the page


Continuous Integration:
	Software Development Process main thing integrated into the system

Which Assert is most preferable to use Hard Assert or Soft Assert:
	Answer : It's Totally depends on the scenario. Which we are testing

How to disable Testcases in TestNG:
	We can mention testcases Exclude

How you Run Automation:
	It is handling via Junkins tool and it is an Open source tool

How many Testcases do you Automate in a Day:
	It's depends on Size and complexity. May be 5 to 6 Testcases per day  


Upload a File Automation Selenium Possible:
	Click method, Action Class, Robot Class, Auto IT


TakeScreenShot:
	
	Date currentDate = new Date();
	String screenshotfilename  = currentdate.tostring().replace(" ","-").replace(":","-");
	System.out.println(screenshotfilename);
	
	WebDriverManager.chromedriver.setup();
	WebDriver driver = new ChromeDriver();
	driver.get(url);
	File ScreenshotFile = ((TakesScreenshot) driver).getScreenshotAs(OutputType.FILE);
	FileUtiles.copyFile(screenshotFile, new File(".//screenshot//" + screenshotfilename + ".png"));



Properties File (Read and Write):
	
	Properties properties = new Properties();
	FileInputStream fis = new FileInputStream("location will give"  C:\\);
	properties.load(fis);
	System.out.println(properties.getProperty("browser"));
	
	properties.setProperty("testdata","231223");
	properties.store(outputstream, "This Customer Data from Tc2");



SQL:

4 th Maximum Salary:

select sal
from emp a
where 4 = (select count(distinct(sal))
           from emp b
	   where a.sal <= b.sal);

5 th Minimum Salary:

select sal
from emp a
where 5 = (select count(distinct(sal))
	   from emp b
	   where a.sal >= b.sal);
	 

2 rd Maximum Salary:

select max(sal)
from emp
where sal < (select max(sal)
	     from emp);








Projects Process:

	MISK Project: It's a Government project. They conduct few events. They will have a lot of partners. They register all their partners into the application.
Whenever they conduct any kind of programs,So the partners should get should have an option to enroll into the application, enroll into the events.
So each and every time.whenever there is any program is going on so may be they will get notified by the through emails or something.
so they will log into the partner portal and they will create a enrollments.And for those programs. programs are nothing but events.
All the things done by marketing, but in sales CRM, we are handling the complete CRM module. CRM is nothing but a partner relationship management.
And second thing is you are handling the one more service request part.So we'll start with the first Misk Foundation and Misk Art.
what is Misk foundation? Misk Art is? When it comes to the Miss Foundation.Miss Foundation as a two types, one is partnership and second one is sponsorship.
In case of Misk foundation,it's a one business unit and inside that there will be a set of users will be there from the misk thing and this is the flow to achieve the partnership and sponsorship.
How this flow will means who all can approve, who is the responsible for each and every stages.Whenever if anyone want to enroll for any kind of programs.
first they have to go and create a partner in the system, if the partner is there, if the partner is active, then only they can go and enroll further programs.
under partner management. They have partners. So all the people who are the Misk employees, those they will get an option to create a partners.
So partners should get created and activated.partners are nothing but every company they will usually help of these organizations to generate more revenue.
My understand nothing but dealers.whenever they use the dealers.they will get a dealer login.But here it's a partner is nothing but It's a different thing.
So partners they will maintain because they will contact us some events. So the partners can enroll further those events.
They have created this partner.after getting the partner,the user will activate the partner once they activate the partner, 
this partner contact will get an option to log into the partner portal and raise a request.
the partner does not have any approval because it is just creating and activating, so all the approvals will come in the partnership and sponsorship.
This contact is the mandatory to activate the partner. If you don't have a contact, this is partner contact not normal contact.
There is a difference between the normal contact partner contact.normal contact will not get the option to the partner portal. Only partner contacts will get an option to the partner portal.
once whenever they want to activate the partner they have to give this partner contact once they give partner contact then they will get the user of the this person will receive a username and password.
Log into the partner portal. So now logged in with the normal user. Consider this as a miskuser. Now I log in with this partner portal.
Each and every contact.If they want to add multiple contacts, those people also will get it.
It's one to many relationship, so each and every contact also if they need it right, so it then they can provide otherwise it's up to them.
To activate the users they have to do these steps they have to go to the partner contact and manage user details.
automatically user could create it and the partner contact will receive e-mail.
what do they do? what is their responsibility? They have to whenever there is an event, they have to register for the event. 
How they can register it is they can just go to the partners?There is an enrollment tab in this in this enrollment tab, they will option to create an enrollment 
when they are creating enrollment, they'll come to know for which type they are.Whether they are listening for the Misk Foundation or Misk Art. 
if they're going with Misk Foundation, then They will have a partnership and sponsorship. If they go with the Misk Art, 
they will have a proactive and reactive. I'll go with the first misk foundation then. This is the business side anyway. 
So this is the type they can select partnership or sponsorship here. The program is nothing but an event. So which program they are planning to go for it. 
So let's say they are going further misk global form.For them so they can select this event and the type and stage. Anyway, start from the beginning,
fill the partnership details request card. So I fill the request card. This will be assigned to the BDMP team.this BDMP team will be receiving this enrollments.
These guys are responsible for reviewing all the partner requests.We will review all the partner requests.Who other team also can raise the request 
this other team is belongs to the Misk team. So when they log into the system they can see all the partners, they can open any one of the partner and raise their request.
Misk employee also can create the enrollment and partners also can create the enrollment.both the request will come to the BDMP team. 
So these BDMP team will review all the request cards then they will send it further legal management team.
Whenever they send this to the legal management team.legal management team will receive their notifications and all the things e-mail and everything. 
So these guys are responsible for approving this. So do the risk assessment.These guys will do all the these request cards, do the risk assessment.
Let me go with this one proactive and reactive because even proactive and reactive is exactly same. If you go to the proactive. 
proactive it will start the request from the other e-mail.his all the proactive request will be done by the other MA teams. 
Other MA teams will have access to create this one.Just consider.this is one team.we have one user called other MA teams. 
They just go to the partners partner management, so they will select which partner they want to raise this proactive.
Request. Then they'll go to enrollments. They'll just click on create enrollment, then they'll select business unit like Miss art and program, let's say ART event.
Then type proactive. Then says start from the beginning which date.generally when you go to your partner management.
this partner management has first is partners, enrollment is nothing but whatever they create request programs are nothing but events announcements
when they create any program, right is nothing but an event. So they will.They are conducting the event on next month,next week from 14th through 18th. 
First they will create a event. Then they will go to announcement. They will announce this is the event is going on. If you want to enroll you can go on enroll it.
Participate because of Sometimes the user licenses, they may not give for the all the people so that time they will reach out to the other team employees.
They will call create a.He enrollment on behalf of us, so that's why the these other MA team will log into the system. They'll go to here.
They will create an enrollment on behalf a partner.wherever there is a required for the let's say there is a in this process they require the approval from CEO,
they can just go to the whichever the step is there you see here then they will.Change the state stays to here, then automatically they'll CEO will receive it approval.
It'll keep on going and it'll follow the entire process until wherever they require the any approvals.So the main difference between the proactive is 
proactive will be raise the request by Other MA teams.Though this proactive will be credited by the MA teams. So when it comes to reactive, reactive will be created by the partner.
Now we'll go to sponsorship. Sponsorship is bit different from the all these flows how the sponsorship flow will work is. Sponsorship flow will start with the.
Contacts not from the partner contact. we have a contacts also there normal contacts.They will check whether this in the system, whether contact is present or not.
If the contact is not present they'll create manually.That is the process. If the then In the ellqua what do they do? They create a target list.
Running campaign because they are announcing his sponsorship.So all the partners who are eligible, they will their target list they will fill the all the people.
who are they will apply all the filters.whether they'll pick up from the contacts all the contacts data from there they'll pick up that filters and they'll make the target list.
to the target list they will send mass emails to the target. People will receive all the marks emails.So the maximum you can see we will receive Maximals mass emails which will be received to the partners.
So this partners, they will get an e-mail.Once they receive an e-mail, if they're interested, they can go and register further this sponsorship.
They have to provide a target list parameters.How do they make the target list that they provide then? Then we can include in our document,
So this way whenever they send a campaign and they will receive an e-mail and so if they go and if the people are the partners are interested 
they will the registered as they interested and that response will be captured to eloqua.even will also receive the all the information of that. partners The name contact and everything.
whenever they go and register their details in the link right see whenever they click on that link the e-mail they will have a one form.
there are two-minute from the ship form and they have to submit it.So automatically contact will create lead. Now once we will submit the form
So from the lead.they will create a meeting with the person and they will go. It will if it is successful then they will go and create a partner.
Then they'll go and create a partner, and they'll also go and create a sponsorship request.Let's say we have received this lead from the.they'll come to another. 
This lead is interested in this Sponsorship.This way this again this will also whenever they request anything.
This sponsorship also it'll go to the BDMP team only one step in this it'll go to the legal department
otherwise it will always stay with a BDMP team only.So once that it will go to the only one time it will go to the legal department approval.
Otherwise most of the time with the BDMP team will be handling all these sponsorship.




Project: Medicare


Resume Points:


Experience Summary 

•	1.5 years of experience in Software Testing which majorly involves Automation Testing.
•	Good knowledge of STLC, SDLC and experience in Agile Methodology.
•	Expertise in designing and execution of Test cases for both Manual and Automation and Defect life cycle.
•	Expertise in Automation of Test Cases using Selenium Java and TestNG framework.
•	Experience in establishing Automation Frameworks for Selenium (Java).
•	Experience in performing different types of testing like Functional, Mobile, Cross Browser and Regression testing.
•	Involved in Smoke, Integration, GUI, Sanity and End to End testing. 
•	Knowledge in User Acceptance Testing and Testing on Production environment
•	Familiar with Programming Fundamentals (Object-oriented Programming)
•	Defect tracking and project management tools – JIRA, Redmine 

Technical Skills  
•	Agile, Various Levels of Testing including Functional testing, Smoke Testing, Regression Testing, Sanity Testing Manual and Automation Testing (Selenium Java).
•	Automation Testing (POM Framework), TestNG, 
•	Test Case designing and execution, Defect Logging and Retesting
•	Java, SQL, MySQL, SQL Server, ETL Automation Excel Macros. 

Projects Summary 

Project: EmployeeEngage (BenefitAlign)
Organization: Speridian Technologies
Designation:  Associate
Duration: Mar 2023 – Feb 2024
Tools: Eclipse (Selenium - Java), POM, TDD, Extent Reports, GitLab

Project Description

EmployeeEngage is cloud based SAAS application designed for enrolling to the various Insurance plans provided. User has the privilege to track the end to end progress of the application starting from enrolling for an Insurance till claiming it

Roles and Responsibilities

	Understanding the Requirements and Functional specifications of the Application, preparing traceability matrix to ensure that all requirements are covered with respective test cases and used Redmine for tracking, reporting and managing bug life cycle during the testing process.
	Working with different stakeholders, which includes Business Analyst, QA Team, Developers.
	Developed functional scripts and rerunning those scripts again at the time of Regression testing.
	Adept in scripting using Java-Selenium and POM automation framework, designing and implementing Selenium with TDD framework.
	Good Understanding of requirements and peer review.
	Involved in defining test strategies and creating comprehensive test plans.
	Attended Daily Standups on Task status updates.
	Experienced in creating and maintaining automation scripts using Selenium with Java.
	Performing different types of testing like Functional, Regression testing.


Educational Qualification:

B.Tech - Information Technology

Software Testing (Manual, SQL, Java, Selenium) Course in Qspider






















































